gb.system_type auto
gba.bios 
md.cdbios us_scd1_9210.bin
md.input.auto 1
md.region game
md.reported_region same
nes.fnscan 1
nes.gg 0
nes.ggrom gg.rom
nes.input.fcexp none
nes.nofs 0
nes.pal 0
nes.fnscan 1
ngp.language english
pce.input.multitap 1
pce.arcadecard 1
pce.cdbios syscard3.pce
pce.disable_bram_cd 0
pce.disable_bram_hucard 0
pce.forcesgx 0
pce.gecdbios gecard.pce
pce_fast.arcadecard 1
pce_fast.cdbios syscard3.pce
pce_fast.cdspeed 1
pce_fast.forcesgx 0
pce_fast.ocmultiplier 1
pcfx.bios pcfx.rom
pcfx.cdspeed 2
pcfx.cpu_emulation auto
pcfx.disable_bram 0
pcfx.fxscsi 0
psx.bios_eu scph5502.bin
psx.bios_jp scph5500.bin
psx.bios_na scph5501.bin
psx.input.port1.memcard 1
psx.input.port2.memcard 1
psx.input.port3.memcard 1
psx.input.port4.memcard 1
psx.input.port5.memcard 1
psx.input.port6.memcard 1
psx.input.port7.memcard 1
psx.input.port8.memcard 1
psx.region_autodetect 1
psx.region_default na
sms.fm 1
sms.territory export
snes_faust.cx4.clock_rate 100
snes_faust.region auto
snes_faust.superfx.clock_rate 100
snes_faust.superfx.icache 0
ss.bios_jp sega_101.bin
ss.bios_na_eu mpr-17933.bin
ss.cart auto
ss.cart.kof95_path mpr-18811-mx.ic1
ss.cart.ultraman_path mpr-19367-mx.ic1
ss.region_autodetect 1
ss.region_default jp
vb.allow_draw_skip 0
vb.cpu_emulation fast
vb.input.instant_read_hack 1
wswan.bday 26
wswan.blood O
wswan.bmonth 7
wswan.byear 1988
wswan.language english
wswan.name Mednafen
wswan.sex M
video.deinterlacer blend
md.input.multitap none
pcfx.input.port1.multitap 1
pcfx.input.port2.multitap 1
psx.input.pport1.multitap 1
psx.input.pport2.multitap 1
snes.input.port1.multitap 1
snes.input.port2.multitap 1
snes_faust.input.sport1.multitap 1
snes_faust.input.sport2.multitap 1
ss.input.sport1.multitap 1
ss.input.sport2.multitap 1